hi I'm joy welcome to the shop back
kitchen where we show you how to cook
the most flavored filled dishes in no
time at all try this quick and easy
spaghetti carbonara recipe he has a list
of ingredients that you will need to
make this tasty recipe
let's begin by finely chopping the
garlic and the fresh proceed before
grating some Parmesan cheese now cook
the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling
salted water according to the
instructions on the packet while the
pasta is cooking hit the olive oil in a
large frying pan add the pancetta and
the garlic and fry until the pancetta is
brown and crisp reduce the heat and in a
separate bowl lightly beat the eggs with
the cream and most of the grated cheese
season generously with freshly ground
black pepper
drain the cooking spaghetti and set
aside a few tablespoons of the cooking
water then add the spaghetti to the pan
of pancetta
pour the egg and cream mixture over the
top and mix well over a low heat adding
a little of the cooking water if
necessary divide the spaghetti khurana
between two serving bowls and sprinkle
parsley and the remaining cheese over
the top serve with a fresh rocket salad
and decide
don't forget you will get the lowest
prices on all the ingredients used in
today's recipe at ShopRite so until next
time in the shop right kitchen happy
cooking